scott hasn't heard anything from his
daughter in six weeks
he checks out the town from where he
last heard from her to find out if
anyone knows anything about her
disappearance
the only people he meets though are a
lazy policeman
seemingly racist rednecks and people who
apparently don't know
how to use a pickup
jen her boyfriend darius and their
friends go on a self-discovery trip
through the forests of virginia
let me make one thing clear if you feel
the urge to request a kiss from the
driver
well don't and if you are the driver
being asked
just say no and if for some reason you
had a divine encounter with jesus the
night before who told you to kiss your
partner while driving on a curvy
hillside
road fine but at least don't close your
eyes that could have easily taken a
wrong turn huh
when they arrive at the small town and
check in it becomes quickly clear that
the locals aren't big fans of anything
they don't know
or is a threat to their values that's
probably also why there are no other
tourists
let me introduce you to the characters
when they are having drinks at the local
tavern
they are somewhat the pseudo-leaders of
the group darius and jen
and they mila and adam are the couple
with the biggest emotional problems
and the gay couple gary and lewis well
honestly they are by far the most
sophisticated and rational people here
you will see
living in a free and independent country
doesn't mean you can behave like
[ __ ]
especially when you are visiting places
you have never been to before
you are a guest therefore you should
behave with respect
different places hold different values
values are subjective so even if you
don't agree with those
the locals don't care who is right or
wrong here doesn't matter
you didn't go on travels to teach and
preach you went onto this trip to enjoy
and widen your perspective
that means you silently have to bear the
stupidity of the locals
if you encounter any of course if you
see anyone being harassed or physically
assaulted you should always intervene
but none of that happens inside this
tavern when the old redneck comes to the
table and spills his words
he wasn't offensive perhaps he intended
to but he was still calm and respectful
what do you do in this instance a you
appreciate it and buy him a drink to try
and learn more about the town
b you stay quiet because you think he's
an idiot
c you respectfully engage in a
disagreement or d
you make a mockery of him there are
virtually infinite possibilities here
if you are visiting a foreign place
where you know racism might still be
prevalent
and you are visiting with your gay and
black friends why would you even try to
prove a point here that's just reckless
even if you might be right
it doesn't matter because safety first
the next day our six friends go for a
camping trip
the hotel staff told jen to always stay
on the hiking trail
nature is unforgiving in these lands she
said alright man
thanks for the tip bruno morris or
darius if you wish wants to go on an
adventure
i'm all for it but the thing is if you
really want to go off track
you should take responsibility and know
when to give up and return
there is no place for a big ego in
wilderness
mark your position on your gps device
and leave a trail behind that is easy to
follow when you get lost
additionally i'd recommend you use some
of these physical nitrile markers
because electronic devices are just not
reliable enough
especially when you go off so close to
sunset like our characters
look if you don't agree with the
decision your group has made take
responsibility and say it you are a
grown-up person you can and should
decide for yourself
mila doesn't seem to get that she is
that one person who keeps complaining
and wants to go back
but doesn't seem to be able to do so on
her own at the very least she should
have been able to convince her boyfriend
adam
he would have that sure followed her
even if it's just for her sake
funnily enough i think even gary and
lewis would have joined them
everybody seemed to be fed up with
darius decision they've been going off
track for an hour at this point
and yet nobody said anything or made an
individual decision
if you don't like something don't do it
you can't expect the others to make the
decision for you though
alright having a huge dead tree coming
at you at full speed
is a pretty scary thing unless you've
played a lot of donkey kong
the only chance to survive this is to
run
not only run but run sideways or at
least diagonally so you have a chance to
get out of the predicted path of the
tree
another safe bet would have been to look
for other massive trees and take cover
behind them
our characters only run down in a
straight line which
i'm sorry to break it to you won't work
even if you're usain bolt
it's just like an avalanche you don't
try to escape one that's impossible what
you're trying to do
is to get out of its way completely gary
gets killed while everyone else survives
you went off track and one of your
friend dies in an accident
that's the worst possible outcome what
do you do losing your cool is definitely
likely to happen
this is something nobody wants to
experience yet if it does happen
there are a few things you would want to
pay attention to
figuring out what to do apart from
getting help is difficult
especially when you can't call for
immediate help because of course
you didn't sufficiently prepare for your
trip your mobile phones are probably out
of service
your gps device only maybe has
integrated emergency function
and you probably didn't bring along a
satellite phone either
if all of that is the case then you
won't be getting around to go for help
physically
now what you don't want to do is lose
control at least one must stay rational
and be objective
it helps if one takes responsibility and
goes verbally through each option you
have
to recall the exact thing that happened
and say it out loud to define what the
circumstances are
is very helpful it offers orientation
and structure
if nobody takes on this role the
situation will quickly degrade in an
emotional chaos
which is absolutely worse and more
frightening than the present scenario
it quickly escalates and the moral of
the group takes a big hit
another thing that is worth to mention
is that jen has spotted a person
somewhere in the distance nobody if our
group finds it particularly of interest
which i find weird especially since the
tree was coming at them so randomly
completely out of nowhere just a minute
ago that's definitely a huge red flag
that you hopefully won't miss if you
ever end up in a position like that
our characters decide to camp outside
for the night
one is that they have no idea where they
are and now it's dark too
i have normally a lot of compassion but
to end up in a situation like this
you really must have made many stupid
decisions back to back
or was it just bad luck let me know in
the comments what you think
in the morning mila is missing seems
like she went to pee
how far do we need to walk away just to
take a piss i wonder
why not just behind a tree somewhere
next to the tent
it's not like there aren't any trees
available but perhaps she has a special
kind of preference like maples or oaks
maybe
but i mean if you went through anything
remotely similar to what these people
went through just last night
you would never go out that far just to
have a quiet morning square do you
if you want to go for a cool morning
stroll i guess that's fine
but how about you tell someone else
first anything else neglects the group
when the remaining characters go to look
for her adam steps into another trap
gets chained on his ankle and pulled
into an underground cave
he is completely gone at this point the
red flags are so many
you better take note of them and proceed
extra careful the three continue their
search and stumble over a random forest
hut they find countless phones
backpacks and other accessories laying
in there pretty much another big red
flag
if you know what's up you better take
notice of them tools in there
chainsaws machetes garden tools etc
pretty handy stuff to defend yourself
with when [ __ ] hits the fan
if you spotted random people wearing
skulls and camouflage
carrying your lost friend on a thick
piece of wood looking like they are
about to have a nice vintage barbecue
what would you do i hope you would react
like darius
this dude doesn't play around he grabs a
sharp tool
jumps over the fence and starts
threatening the two mofos
they don't talk english nor do they have
the decency to remove their headgear
i personally wouldn't react differently
than darius and if those two freaks
didn't mean no harm
they could have responded differently
there are universal languages to
surrender
and signal that you aren't planning
anything evil slick move but
one hit is enough jesus christ what's
wrong with this guy
first he pisses off the locals inside
the tavern for no reason
and now he's literally murdering someone
fair enough it looked like they were
about to murder him too but yo
one hit would have been enough to cancel
the threat during all that chaos the
second guy disappears and surprise
surprise
mila makes a comeback how about that
she's without a doubt the most annoying
character inside this movie
one character got crushed by a random
tree another one was pulled into a cave
on a chain and then kidnapped by two
freaks
wearing skull heads and flower dresses
and now another character gets almost
killed by another trap
it doesn't take a genius to figure out
that you are in a very dangerous area
the facts are available yet none of them
bother to take the lead and come up with
a plan
i guess that is a danger when there are
no obvious hierarchies present
each one of them has a different opinion
and everything anyone utters is made
personal
no one is working towards a common goal
it's quite literally madness
first they should have set up rules and
tasks for example to walk in groups of
at least two
always back each other up second arm
yourselves with the tools available
inside that forest hut
and third pay attention where you step
traps are hidden on the ground as well
as above
the men should have taken positions at
the tail as well as at the front of the
group
they defend and attack if necessary the
women would have stayed in the middle
scouting the area on both sides and
above and act as becca
and luis he should have stayed in front
of the tail he is muscular and agile
which is perfect for a counter-attack if
necessary
once those tasks and rules have been
established and some tools recovered
from the forest hut
they should have defined the goal which
would have been to survive
as a team and get back to town together
if all of that was followed everything
would have been clear everyone would
have known what's happening and the
group was less likely to degenerate into
a chaotic piece of [ __ ]
the biggest threats are undoubtedly the
skull wearing freaks lurking pretty much
everywhere around
without any weapons to defend our
characters have zero chance
so when the first serious encounter
happens everyone runs away in complete
disregard for one another
at this point we can hardly call this a
group when they are escaping mila gets
taken out by a trap quickly
her boyfriend doesn't bother and leaves
her back she doesn't like it
to be fair there was nothing he could
have done anyway it would have been
heroic of him to stay back
but she was doomed already
the remaining four characters get called
and put into a relatively deep
underground prison
now if you are in one of those caves
there are actually a variety of things
you should and could do
first of all it should be clear that
screaming won't help
but your hands are tied with pretty
unsophisticated cords
and the walls are made of sharp rocks
one plus one is two
it would have been easy to cut through
them without much effort
afterwards you would have tied your
hands up again with the help of your
mouth
but this time with a nut that is easy to
remove
after doing this screaming would
actually be beneficial at least through
that you could find out who the enemy is
and try to learn more about your friends
precisely if they are still alive and or
nearby
if at least one character would have
done something like this it would have
been feasible to save the others
when jen gets pulled up everyone else is
there too
tight on hands but no ties on their feet
the enemy count was only 3 at this point
too
so if they all timed the wwe dropkick at
the same time
those three skull heads could have been
taken out quickly
our characters are brought into a
village of a self-sufficient community
calling themselves the foundation they
have moved off-grid just before the
civil war 200 years ago
ever since then they have stayed up
there developed a whole society of
incest kids
and like to dress up like far cry primal
characters but fear not
they are as civil as can be they have a
court
laws and other institutions that ensure
the safety and dignity of each
individual
our characters are put on trial because
then with adam has killed that dude in
one of the scenes before
nobody's allowed to talk but jen she
gets a straightforward warning that if
she lies
everyone will be punished what would he
do here
your friend was an idiot no question
that you are put on trial is undoubtedly
his fault
you also know that at least one other
person belonging to this monkey tribe
has witnessed the murder so lying is
pointless wouldn't you agree
jen ends up lying adam gets killed and
our three remaining characters are about
to face the worst
punishment i have seen on screen in
recent times but before we get to that
let me make clear that even in front of
this trial they had a chance to survive
the incest clan has a courtroom that
means they are legit about laws
they could be just pretending of course
but that is less likely to be the case
because otherwise why establish a court
when none of the laws are to be followed
anyway
so when jen was asked if adam has killed
the other guy
she should have explained thoroughly
everything that they have experienced
ever since
gary's death because the only thing she
said
up and being questioned was no he didn't
kill him
which i think is foolish and a complete
waste of the given potential
even if you think adam has done it out
of self-defense and therefore it isn't
real murder
the judge doesn't know the details so
why cut your answers so
short when you were given a fair
platform to explain thoroughly
what your friends and you have gone
through i would have explained that when
my friend
gary was killed by a rolling tree
someone of your tribe was around this
incident
why furthermore the reason why adam has
killed the other dude
even though i secretly know that it was
completely unnecessary
was because he was aggressively caught
and tied to a stick and then transported
somewhere he didn't know
explaining all of this there would have
been a good chance for adam's life to be
spared
and since this would have been no lie
whatsoever all of our remaining three
characters
would have been automatically saved too
let's assume that this tribe didn't give
a [ __ ] about your explanation
what then well then it would have been
too late anyway
but not using the opportunity that was
given to you to the fullest
is borderline insane in this particular
situation
as a mistake it might be cruel but one
idiot less that could make the situation
worse
although you might argue that there is
nothing left to make worse here
our last three characters face the
eloquent punishment of
see no evil hear no evil and speak no
evil
what this means is you get your eyes
burned out your ears burned out
yes that's the thing and your throat
burned out too
afterwards you're put into a pitch star
cave labyrinth
where other people who have faced the
same punishment now aimlessly wander
around
until they starve to death or eat each
other up
before jen and darius end up there too
jennifer once uses her brain efficiently
she makes the case that both she and
darius hold valuable properties and
skills
that could be very beneficial to the
village as a community
smart move carried out a bit faulty but
hey
survival is key darius becomes a hunter
and she becomes the new main hoe
great she not just becomes the new main
hoe she basically becomes the new queen
meanwhile jen's father is still in town
trying to gather information about her
location
when he's having dinner at the local
tavern the hotel lady appears
sips away his whiskey and tells him
about the foundation that is living up
the mountain
surprisingly he believes what she's
saying but he also asks why nobody has
ever done anything about them
to which he replies because it's made to
look like they are gone
basically meaning that they are really
good at hiding there are two ways on how
to save your daughter's scot
you could for example team up with a
local named ed who's a hunter and knows
the woods perfectly
he holds a grudge against a foundation
because they have killed his nephew in
the past
he will be your guide at all times pass
you the gear you need
and gives you the right firearms to
successfully free your daughter
and her boyfriend that's the comrade you
really want for this journey
i really like it i was really excited to
see some cool stealth information
gathering mission
but when i saw how he triggers the
hidden traps i lost faith very quickly
if you find traps on your way you either
ignore them and circle around them
which i would recommend or you trigger
it if you decide to do the letter
you should do it in a way that it looks
like an animal did it cutting through
isn't the way to go every 12 year old
who has been on a weekend camping trip
would figure out by looking at the cut
that somebody has come through here
since your plan is not to be detected
you probably don't want to leave any
signs that you pass through here
what do you do in this situation a you
know you have zero chance in return to
town with photos of the traps and dead
bodies to convince military action
or b you arm yourself and march forward
thinking you can save your daughter and
people
a whole community of forest dwellers
with just one revolver
or c [ __ ] it return home and don't look
back
sorry jen scott had all the cards in his
hands that he could possibly ask for
fresh dead bodies traps all around a
functional smartphone with integrated
camera
and even firearms lying around he had
everything to trigger any government
intervention one could possibly think of
even if you're a slow thinker in this
situation you just know
that you have zero chance if you
continue solo
i mean this man is about 80 years old
and barely made it up there in the first
place
i know he wants to save his daughter but
his chances are virtually zero
besides i don't even know how he's
planning to find the foundation
here's what i would do i would contact
dji and ask for a sponsor to rescue my
daughter from the hands of savage forest
dwellers that live somewhere in the
middle of the woods of virginia
the drone we are looking for costs
around 20k and has a flight time of
roughly 55 minutes
that isn't enough we need more i would
say at least as many as to cover 5 hours
of flight time
100k usd i don't have that although i
have to admit scott kind of looks like
that one rich senior dad we all know
in any way once dji is hearing about the
foundation
and how they are holding gen captive
they will jump onto the story like crazy
thai monkeys on me
remember at this point six weeks have
already passed since jan and darius
joined this wonderful place where
everyone is treated equally
just some more than others six weeks and
darius has already seemingly forgotten
everything about his past life
looks like the high values he had at the
start of this movie were forgotten
pretty quickly
well whatever scott gets imprisoned but
eventually freed by his daughter
jen at least one person with some
dignity and self-respect
she even has the courage to go and risk
her life to pick up darius
he declines saying this is the place
that he was looking for all his life
this kid has obviously never read animal
form
not gonna lie i somehow like the premise
of a self-sufficient community for of
any civilization too but the way they
treat intruders and hikers that
accidentally stumble across their lands
is just wrong and any person with a
standard set of moral values
would oppose that there is you are a
disappointment
i think it's best for everyone involved
that you say up there
far away from any normal and reasonable
people there are many plot holes here
that i won't mention
now to successfully flee scott and jen
have to take a secret passage
because the main entrance of the village
of course is completely locked down
fortunately a little kid called ruthie
supports chen's efforts to escape and
shows her where the secret passage is
according to the movie ruthie herself
has taken this secret passage many times
that's just crazy nonsense because the
secret passage is only accessible
through the pitch star cave labyrinth
where the punished people like lewis end
up no 10 year old girl would voluntarily
sneak through that
in fact no sane person would ever do
this
they somehow make their way through the
labyrinth find lewis on their way
place a bullet neatly in the middle of
his head and make it to the exit
with a lot of luck some help of the
local rednecks that come for help
and some laziness of the script riders
they eventually end up down the mountain
and finally even back home here is my
problem with that
what about darius this dude completely
disregarded the past 25 years of his
life in mere six weeks
if he was put on trial to spit out where
jen is living it wouldn't take two
seconds until he'd confess
to arrive at the same conclusion doesn't
take more than two minutes of thinking
yet scott and jen continued their lives
as if nothing happened which is
completely ridiculous to begin with
they literally escaped from this crazy
place it would have been
easy to contact the right government
institutions and blow that village up
even if nobody believed you you knew its
location so you could gather the
required intel yourself
besides scott himself has found this
secret village with barely any help
during a sunday afternoon so i don't see
the problem here
but let's assume all odds are against
you and even you can't locate it anymore
because let's say the whole village has
relocated in a week
or so so far away from its original
point that it's impossible to find
then it still doesn't justify going back
to your old life
living at the same address and don't
take any precautions whatsoever
that's just complete madness and
nonsense and what about her pregnancy
that alpha skull dude literally
impregnated her and she legit doesn't
think he will try to find her
come on